docs(What's new): Add October release to what's new page (#478)
carbon-design-system/carbon-website: src/pages/updates/whats-new/index.mdx

> description: This is the changelog for Carbon Design System. From bug fixes to feature enhancements, this details all our latest changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: This changelog reflects the most recent changes to the design system, from bug fixes to feature enhancements.
```

---

## October 2019

> ### `@carbon/colors@10.5.0`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### @carbon/colors@10.5.0
```

#### New features
- feat(colors): update colors to match V2 palette  (#3957) ([`ed202f8f6`](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/commit/ed202f8f6))

#### Housekeeping
- chore(release): update package versions (#4265) ([`346e93543`](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/commit/346e93543))
- chore(release): update package versions (#4262) ([`8983ed788`](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/commit/8983ed788))
- chore(colors): add color palette source files (#4206) ([`4d1781eee`](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/commit/4d1781eee))
- chore(release): update package versions (#4139) ([`1a435757c`](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/commit/1a435757c))

> ### `carbon-components@10.7.0`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### carbon-components@10.7.0
```

- chore(release): update package versions (#4139) ([`1a435757c`](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/commit/1a435757c))
- test(components): update snapshots ([`319b58952`](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/commit/319b58952))
- chore(project): sync generated files ([`f65266835`](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/commit/f65266835))
- chore(project): check-in generated files ([`9dab26827`](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/commit/9dab26827))
- refactor(components): update test formatting ([`59f999862`](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/commit/59f999862))
- chore(project): remove custom eslint rules (#4027) ([`58833d0bc`](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/commit/58833d0bc))
- chore: removes dashed outline from modal close in firefox (#3984) ([`8de0efcaf`](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/commit/8de0efcaf))
- chore(data-table): mark sticky header experimental (#3949) ([`11b87ab01`](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/commit/11b87ab01))
- chore(react): update storybook and react (#3891) ([`548a04168`](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/commit/548a04168))

> ### `@carbon/elements@10.7.0`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### @carbon/elements@10.7.0
```

#### New features
- feat(components,themes): add enable-css-custom-properties feature flag (#4100) ([`d8d93e366`](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/commit/d8d93e366))

#### Bug fixes
- fix(form): remove italic from helper text (#3977) ([`dfbeb8dce`](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/commit/dfbeb8dce))

#### Housekeeping
- chore(release): update package versions (#4265) ([`346e93543`](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/commit/346e93543))
- chore(release): update package versions (#4262) ([`8983ed788`](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/commit/8983ed788))
- chore(release): update package versions (#4139) ([`1a435757c`](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/commit/1a435757c))
- chore(project): sync generated files ([`f65266835`](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/commit/f65266835))
- chore(project): check-in generated files ([`9dab26827`](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/commit/9dab26827))

> ### `@carbon/pictograms-react@10.7.0`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### @carbon/pictograms-react@10.7.0
```

#### Bug fixes
- fix: update pictograms dep (#4105) ([`fc1dde65f`](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/commit/fc1dde65f))

#### Housekeeping
- chore(release): update package versions (#4265) ([`346e93543`](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/commit/346e93543))
- chore(release): update package versions (#4139) ([`1a435757c`](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/commit/1a435757c))
- chore: make pictogram packages public (#4098) ([`ca4b18e00`](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/commit/ca4b18e00))

> ### `@carbon/pictograms@10.7.0`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### @carbon/pictograms@10.7.0
```

#### New features
- feat(pictograms): add pictograms and update metadata (#4041) ([`a8379f7d8`](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/commit/a8379f7d8))

#### Bug fixes
- fix(pictograms): Update metadata.yml (#4093) ([`31e74266f`](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/commit/31e74266f))

#### Housekeeping
- chore(release): update package versions (#4265) ([`346e93543`](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/commit/346e93543))
- chore(release): update package versions (#4139) ([`1a435757c`](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/commit/1a435757c))
- chore(pictograms): update metadata for milan and mexico-city as… (#4102) ([`10378d578`](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/commit/10378d578))
- chore: make pictogram packages public (#4098) ([`ca4b18e00`](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/commit/ca4b18e00))

> ### `carbon-components-react@7.7.0`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### carbon-components-react@7.7.0
```

- chore(react): add component name to deprecation warning for toolbar (#4229) ([`dd2c1357c`](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/commit/dd2c1357c))
- test(dropdown): assign mockProps before each title test (#4150) ([`d2f1562e6`](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/commit/d2f1562e6))
- test(combo-box): add required id to mockProps before each test (#4169) ([`faf492993`](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/commit/faf492993))
- chore(release): update package versions (#4139) ([`1a435757c`](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/commit/1a435757c))
- chore(react): add deprecation warning to Toolbar/ToolbarSearch (#4097) ([`2e4ee8fca`](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/commit/2e4ee8fca))
- test(react): add toHaveNoViolations matcher (#3927) ([`4c0675682`](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/commit/4c0675682))
- chore(project): force react resolutions (#3917) ([`5285ccbc4`](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/commit/5285ccbc4))
- chore(react): update storybook and react (#3891) ([`548a04168`](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/commit/548a04168))

> ### `@carbon/themes@10.7.0`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### @carbon/themes@10.7.0
```

- chore(release): update package versions (#4262) ([`8983ed788`](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/commit/8983ed788))
- chore(release): update package versions (#4139) ([`1a435757c`](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/commit/1a435757c))
- test(themes): update themes test ([`c02493166`](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/commit/c02493166))
- chore(project): sync generated files ([`f65266835`](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/commit/f65266835))
- chore(themes): remove comment block from theme-maps ([`5b26e6dfc`](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/commit/5b26e6dfc))
- chore(project): check-in generated files ([`9dab26827`](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/commit/9dab26827))
- refactor(themes): move __tests__ out of scss dir to prevent copy ([`60e737bb1`](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/commit/60e737bb1))
- refactor(themes): split out tests and update import paths ([`9d9e7df53`](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/commit/9d9e7df53))
- refactor(themes): update themes build and output to generated ([`4e3264235`](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/commit/4e3264235))

> ### `@carbon/type@10.6.0`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### @carbon/type@10.6.0
```
